[Inference] Mention local endpoints inference + remove separate HF Inference API mentions (#3085)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/source/en/guides/inference.md

Inference is the process of using a trained model to make predictions on new data. Because this process can be compute-intensive, running on a dedicated or external service can be an interesting option.
The `huggingface_hub` library provides a unified interface to run inference across multiple services for models hosted on the Hugging Face Hub:

> 1.  [Inference Providers](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-providers/index): various serverless solution provided by inference partners (Together, Sambanova, HF Inference API, etc.). These providers offer production-ready APIs on a pay-as-you-go model. This is the fastest way to integrate AI in your products with a maintenance-free and scalable solution. Refer to the [documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-providers/index#partners) for a list of supported providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  [Inference Providers](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-providers/index): a streamlined, unified access to hundreds of machine learning models, powered by our serverless inference partners. This new approach builds on our previous Serverless Inference API, offering more models, improved performance, and greater reliability thanks to world-class providers. Refer to the [documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-providers/index#partners) for a list of supported providers.
```

(nit) I would take the same phrasing as in https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-providers/index

- a file-like object, opened as binary (`with open("audio.flac", "rb") as f: ...`)
- a path (`str` or `Path`) pointing to a local file
- a URL (`str`) pointing to a remote file (e.g. `https://...`). In this case, the file will be downloaded locally before

> sending it to the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
being sent to the API.
```
